So now let's go here to our actual edit.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to click this lock icon.
Now, what we're doing here is locking off all of our audio for our project.
Why I'm doing that is because when I drag in and start moving around this music that we're going to
add, I don't want to mess with anything that doesn't need to be changed.
OK.
So in your editing software, it is optional.
You don't absolutely need to.
But I would recommend locking off stuff that you don't want change once you get to that stage of your
edit.
So let's go to our first track here.
I'm going to double click it.
And I like doing it this way, where I double click it and bring it up in this window so I can see the
waveform.
This is going to tell you exactly what's going on in the track.
OK, so I know here is the drop of the song.
I know.
Here's a break.
Here's another drop.
And this is the intro and there's kind of an outro here.
So if we listen to the intro.
I don't think we would really use the intro, so let's just make an endpoint by hitting I right before
the drop.
OK.
Yeah.
Every once in a week.
And then we'll hit an outpoint at the end of the track and we can obviously move things around a little
bit.
But we just want to get a feel for right away.
We'll be able to see if this audio and visual lines up.
I'm not a huge fan.
I feel like the pacing is way too different for this song and this edit, for example.
What I'm going to do just to kind of illustrate that point is I'm going to duplicate this and I'm just
going to title this music tests, because I want to show you what it's like when you want to match up
visual and audio.
So in my mind, if I were to make this song, match this edit, if I really wanted to use this song
with this footage, let's say I really liked it and I wanted to make it work, I wouldn't do that.
But for this scenario, we would want we would want to pick up the pacing of our edit, which means
the frequency of our cuts.
We're cutting slow, cutting slow and doing this very slow nature story.
So if you were to drag in a track like this for your edit and you wanted to make it match up more,
I would listen to the beat cut.
OK.
And this is going to be a little sloppy, we're not doing anything really cleanly here, I just want
to show you.
OK, good.
And let's not worry about the audio from our shot from our shots here.
This is the type of song where you can introduce some jumping ahead.
Because that's going to really match up the vibe of the song.
And
I'm listening to the kick in the snare, which are the two strongest elements of the track, and you
really want to ride and listen to what the track is telling you to do with the edit.
So let's just take a look at what we've done so far just to see.
So that should give you an idea of a track that is it really right for the edit, but if you wanted
to kind of make things work, if the track is got a little bit more energy than the actual footage or
more of a faster tempo of your edit, you can kind of speed things up, slow things down.
Editing wise to make those things sync up and really be a little bit more cohesive.
So let's go ahead and get rid of this track, though, for now.
And let's go to the next option.
Here's a good lesson that we can kind of learn here is that if we look at the wave form, we can see
that this is the intro and that this is where the excitement happens, the drop right where the beat
comes in and the energy really gets picked up.
So what I want to do is add a marker there by hitting him.
OK.
And the cool thing is you can use a part of a track like that to really accentuate a moment that is
impactful.
This is called a striking point.
So what I want to kind of do here to give you a little bit more insight, and hopefully you're going
to be able to experiment with your footage.
And a track along with me is two.
Now, what we've done so far is really edited with a pacing that matched the audio of our environment.
Now we're switching around our pacing to match the audio of our music track.
So I'm going to lock this music track to keep it in place.
And that will allow me to freely move around everything else and not affect it.
OK, so I know that for this marked spot, I want to have footage with the most movement and kind of
excitement as possible.
And for this example, we're just going to use this one, so I'm gonna scooch this musical track over
to match up with to match up with when this shot comes in.
And we're going to be looking for moments to kind of cut a head and make things feel a little bit more
quick.
OK, right here, we can make a cut.
And slide everything over so it skips forward.
OK, now on this big hit right here, we will bring in our next visual.
Now, what we'll do is kind of trim up the intro to further match this vibe of this track.
So instead of using this whole intro here, let's go ahead and start it.
If we take a listen, we can see that the beginning of track starts here.
But there's going to be another moment where we can cut in and it'll still feel right.
It's going to be right boom right there.
So we saved ourself about 10 seconds of not having to use that intro.
So for simplicity's sake, I'm just going to temporarily cut this music layer and I'm going to drag
it over to the front of our edit.
That way, we're going to scrunch everything down here that can fit in the intro.
We're going to scrunch it down so that it fits and it'll flow seamlessly into this part that we just
edited.
Boom.
I want to skip forward air.
And then right on this compart right here.
That's perfect for a little meditation yogi part.
So let's take a look at the thing all the way through.
So as you can see, of course, we would want to fill that out a lot more and have more of a proper
definitive ending, but we've taken our edit really quickly and completely changed the entire vibe of
the overall final product.